WHAT DOES IT DO
This is a framework for Make with as main goal: simplicity in use. Writing
makefiles can be a tedious job. With this framework all the complex Make
structures are in one place, hidden from the user. With writing simple Rules.mk
files, new targets can be easily added to the build.

This framework is a non recursive Make framework. This means make is only
invoked once, it calculates all dependencies up front, than executes the
recipes necessary to get the target up to date. Calculating all dependencies up
front has a major benefit: Make can make best use of the multiple cores of a
processor.

This framework is designed for out of tree builds, meaning the build output is
located in a different directory than the actual sources.

HOW DOES IT WORK
When Make is invoked the framework searches for the root directory of the 
project by looking for a file Rules.top (a symlink to the Rules.mk on that
level). Than it will traverse the directory structure scanning the directories 
as specified in the SUBDIRS variable of Rules.top. For each Rules.mk file it
finds it will look for SUBDIRS and traverse to those directories as well etc. 
etc.

Once all Rules.mk files are read, it will build the rules for the targets. After
that is done, Make will execute all recepies to get the target up to date.

HOW TO INVOKE MAKE
Make can be invoked by simply typing 'make' on the command line. It will search
for a file called 'Makefile' and evaluate the default target.

By default this framework will tell Make to allow for as many concurrent jobs as
cpu cores are available. This can be overruled by setting the JOBS to the 
desired number of jobs. In case of debugging an error, setting JOBS to one can 
be helpfull.

example:
make JOBS=2

By default this framework will use "pretty printing" for build output, hiding
the exact commands being executed by Make. Make can be invoked as:

make VERBOSE=true

This will disable pretty printing and display the exact commands.

TARGETS
When Make is invoked without specifying a target, it will build all targets for
the current directory and all sub directories.

To specify a specific target to build Make should be invoked as follows:

make <target>

A couple of special targets have been defined.
all      : will build every target specified, not only the current directory
           and its subdirectories.
clean    : will remove all build output from the file system.
           Caution: make clean will simply remove the everything in the 
           BUILD_DIRECTORY.
runtests : Will build the testrunner, all test code and code under test, and
           the tests will be executed.

BUILD_VARIANTS
Two build variants are suported: debug and release. The variant being build can
be controlled by setting VARIANT. The default build variant is debug.

example:
make VARIANT=release

HOW TO ADD NEW TARGETS
Targets are defined in files named Rules.mk. In a Rules.mk file targets for that
directory are defined. It is possible to define executables, libraries and/or
object files as target.

Since Rules.mk files are simply makefiles, the full power of Make is available
for use in these files. However, the goal of this frame work is to keep the
Rules.mk files simple and straightforward. If complex constructs are needed in a 
Rules.mk file it might indicate missing functionality of this framework.

The following variables can be used when writing a Rules.mk file.
SUBDIRS     : space separated list of subdirectories which need to be searched
              for Rules.mk files.
SRCS        : space separated list of source files. Wildcards like *.cpp can 
              be used.
OBJS        : contains a list of all object files specified for the current
              directory.
LIBRARIES   : space separated list of library targets. A library target should
              be sufixed with either .a or .so. A library sufixed with .a will
              be a archive of objects. A library sufixed with .so will be 
              compiled as a shared object. Further more a .so library needs to
              comply to the folling naming convention: "lib<name of library>.so".
              This has to do with naming conventions used by the GNU toolchain.
EXECUTABLES : space separated list of executable targets.

<library name>_DEPS       : space separated list of dependencies for this 
                            library. This can be set to specific objects or to
                            $(OBJS) for all objects specified by SRCS.

<executable name>_DEPS    : space separated list of dependencies for this 
                            executable. This can be set to specific objects or
                            to $(OBJS) for all objects specified by SRCS. 
                            Archives and shared objects can be set as a dependency of
                            an executable as well.
                            Note on shared objects: if libfoo.so is a dependency
                            of our executable the path to libfoo.so will be passed
                            to gcc with -L the library is linked with -lfoo. The
                            path to libfoo.so is placed in the dynamic section of
                            the executable so the runtime linker can find the so
                            without the need for the .so's to be installed. This
                            is convenient while developing.

<executable name>_LDFLAGS : space separated list of arguments passed to the
                            linker when linking the executable.

IMPORTANT VARIABLES
TOP             : Absolute path to the root of the project.
BUILD_DIRECTORY : Absolute path to the build directory.
d               : Absolute path to the directory of the Rules.mk file currently
                  being evaluated.

TEST_OBJS         : Automatically populated list based on sources in the test
                    directories.

INCLUDES_LOCATIONS        : List of include locations for own code. These will 
                            be passed to the compiler with -I.
SYSTEM_INCLUDES_LOCATIONS : List of 'system'/thirdparty include locations. These
                            these will be passed to the compiler with -isystem,
                            effectively suppressing any warnings from these 
                            headers.


FILES IN THE MK FOLDER
footer.mk           : This file is included after each Rules.mk file creating
                      the actual rules.
header.mk           : this file is included every time before a Rules.mk is 
                      included. This sets every variable which can be set in a
                      Rules.mk file to empty. Basically just for cleanup.
                      This file also set d to the current directory.
helper_functions.mk : file which contains helper functions used in the framework
project_config.mk   : project configuration like build directories
project_targets.mk  : optionally : project specific targets
skel.mk             : The core definitions used in the framework.
user_config.mk      : optionally : way to overwrite defaults or project settings
